Fix postgresql documentation (#6685)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/postgresql_server.html.markdown

* `ssl_enforcement_enabled` - (Required) Specifies if SSL should be enforced on connections. Possible values are `true` and `false`.

* `administrator_login` - (Optional) The Administrator Login for the PostgreSQL Server. Required when `create_mode` is `Default`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `administrator_login_password` - (Optional) The Password associated with the `administrator_login` for the PostgreSQL Server. Required when `create_mode` is `Default`.

* `version` - (Optional) Specifies the version of PostgreSQL to use. Valid values are `9.5`, `9.6`, `10`, `10.0`, and `11`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `auto_grow_enabled` - (Optional) Enable/Disable auto-growing of the storage. Possible values are `true` and `false`. Storage auto-grow prevents your server from running out of storage and becoming read-only. If storage auto grow is enabled, the storage automatically grows without impacting the workload. The default value if not explicitly specified is `true`.

* `backup_retention_days` - (Optional) Backup retention days for the server, supported values are between `7` and `35` days.

> * `geo_redundant_backup_enabled` - (Optional) Turn Geo-redundant server backups on/off. Possible values are `true` and `false`. This allows you to choose between locally redundant or geo-redundant backup storage in the General Purpose and Memory Optimized tiers. When the backups are stored in geo-redundant backup storage, they are not only stored within the region in which your server is hosted, but are also replicated to a paired data center. This provides better protection and ability to restore your server in a different region in the event of a disaster. This is not support for the Basic tier.

Reviewer: minor typo and intl Eng change.
```suggestion
* `geo_redundant_backup_enabled` - (Optional) Turn Geo-redundant server backups on/off. Possible values are `true` and `false`. This allows you to choose between locally redundant or geo-redundant backup storage in the General Purpose and Memory Optimised tiers. When the backups are stored in geo-redundant backup storage, they are not only stored within the region in which your server is hosted, but are also replicated to a paired data centre. This provides better protection and ability to restore your server in a different region in the event of a disaster. This is not supported for the Basic tier.
```

Author: Hello Steve
You are right - I saw my mistake when I created new PR and previous commit was there also. Thank you for the tip - next time I'll do in mentioned way.
-- 
Daniel
